lib/formatters/README.md, before:

# Formatters

NOTE: this file is generated by shalldoc, do not edit it

## BBCode

Format tokens for forums using bbcode syntax to format post

| Option | Type | Default value | Description |
| ------ | ---- | ------------- | ----------- |
| theme | (null) | null/none | the theme to use |

## HTML

Format tokens as HTML <span> tags within a <pre> tag

| Option | Type | Default value | Description |
| ------ | ---- | ------------- | ----------- |
| full | int | 0 | if not 0, embeds generated output in a whole HTML 4 page (use 5 for a HTML 5 document) |
| title | string | "" | when *full* is not 0, this is the content to use as `<title>` for the full HTML output document (its content is escaped) |
| nowrap | boolean | false | when set to true, don't wrap output within a `<pre>` tag |
| noclasses | boolean | false | when set to true (not recommanded), output `<span>` tags will not use CSS classes, but inline styles |
| theme | (null) | null/none | the theme to use |
| cssclass | string | "" | if valued to `foo`, ` class="foo"` is added to `<pre>` tag |
| linestart | int | 1 | the line number for the first line |

## Terminal

Format tokens with ANSI color sequences, for output in a text console

| Option | Type | Default value | Description |
| ------ | ---- | ------------- | ----------- |
| theme | (null) | null/none | the theme to use |

Commit message:

bbcode fmt: add codetag and monofont option (compat with Pygments)

lib/formatters/README.md, after:

# Formatters

NOTE: this file is generated by shalldoc, do not edit it

## BBCode

Format tokens for forums using bbcode syntax to format post

| Option | Type | Default value | Description |
| ------ | ---- | ------------- | ----------- |
| theme | (null) | null/none | the theme to use |
| codetag | boolean | false | if set to true, wrap output within a [code] tag |
| monofont | boolean | false | if set to true, add a tag to show the code with a monospace font |

## HTML

Format tokens as HTML <span> tags within a <pre> tag

| Option | Type | Default value | Description |
| ------ | ---- | ------------- | ----------- |
| full | int | 0 | if not 0, embeds generated output in a whole HTML 4 page (use 5 for a HTML 5 document) |
| title | string | "" | when *full* is not 0, this is the content to use as `<title>` for the full HTML output document (its content is escaped) |
| nowrap | boolean | false | when set to true, don't wrap output within a `<pre>` tag |
| noclasses | boolean | false | when set to true (not recommanded), output `<span>` tags will not use CSS classes, but inline styles |
| theme | (null) | null/none | the theme to use |
| cssclass | string | "" | if valued to `foo`, ` class="foo"` is added to `<pre>` tag |
| linestart | int | 1 | the line number for the first line |

## Terminal

Format tokens with ANSI color sequences, for output in a text console

| Option | Type | Default value | Description |
| ------ | ---- | ------------- | ----------- |
| theme | (null) | null/none | the theme to use |
