lib/lexers/README.md, before:

# Lexers

NOTE: this file is generated by shalldoc, do not edit it

## Apache

Lexer for configuration files following the Apache configuration file format (including .htaccess)

Alias(es): apacheconf

Filename(s): httpd.conf, apache.conf, apache2.conf, .htaccess

MIME type(s): text/x-apacheconf

## C

For C source code with preprocessor directives

Filename(s): *.[ch]

MIME type(s): text/x-chdr, text/x-csrc

## CMake

Lexer for CMake files

Filename(s): CMakeLists.txt, *.cmake

MIME type(s): text/x-cmake

## CSS

For CSS (Cascading Style Sheets)

Filename(s): *.css

MIME type(s): text/css

## Diff

Lexer for unified or context-style diffs or patches

Alias(es): udiff

Filename(s): *.diff, *.patch

MIME type(s): text/x-diff, text/x-patch

## DTD

A lexer for DTDs (Document Type Definitions)

Filename(s): *.dtd

MIME type(s): application/xml-dtd

## ERB

For ERB (Ruby) templates. Use the "secondary" option to delegate tokenization of parts which are outside of ERB tags.

Filename(s): *.erb

MIME type(s): application/x-ruby-templating

| Option | Type | Default value | Description |
| ------ | ---- | ------------- | ----------- |
| secondary | lexer | null/none | Lexer to highlight content outside of ERB tags (if none, these parts will not be highlighted) |

## HTML

XXX

Filename(s): *.html

MIME type(s): text/html

## Javascript

TODO

Alias(es): JS

Filename(s): *.js

MIME type(s): text/javascript

## JSON

For JSON data structures

Filename(s): *.json

MIME type(s): application/json

## Nginx

Lexer for Nginx configuration files

Alias(es): nginxconf

Filename(s): nginx.conf

MIME type(s): text/x-nginx-conf

## PHP

For PHP source code

Alias(es): php3, php4, php5

Filename(s): *.php, *.php[345], *.inc

MIME type(s): text/x-php, application/x-httpd-php

| Option | Type | Default value | Description |
| ------ | ---- | ------------- | ----------- |
| version | int | 7 | major versions of PHP brings some changes, use this parameter to parse PHP code as a newer or older version |
| asp_tags | boolean | false | support, or not, `<%`/`%>` tags to begin/end PHP code ([asp_tags](http://php.net/asp_tags)) (only if version < 7) |
| start_inline | boolean | false | if true the lexer starts highlighting with php code (ie no starting `<?php`/`<?`/`<script language="php">` is required at top) |
| short_open_tag | boolean | true | support, or not, `<?` tags to begin PHP code ([short_open_tag](http://php.net/short_open_tag)) |
| secondary | lexer | null/none | Lexer to highlight content outside of PHP tags (if none, these parts will not be highlighted) |

## PostgreSQL

Lexer for the PostgreSQL dialect of SQL

Alias(es): pgsql, postgre

MIME type(s): text/x-postgresql

| Option | Type | Default value | Description |
| ------ | ---- | ------------- | ----------- |
| uppercase_keywords | boolean | false | when true, PostgreSQL keywords are uppercased |
| standard_conforming_strings | boolean | true | To treat backslashes literally in ordinary string literals (`'...'`) or not |

## Python

For the Python programming language (python.org)

Filename(s): *.py

MIME type(s): text/x-python, application/x-python

## Ruby

For Ruby source code

Filename(s): *.rb

MIME type(s): text/x-ruby, application/x-ruby

## Text

A "dummy" lexer that doesn't highlight anything

Alias(es): txt

Filename(s): *.txt

MIME type(s): text/plain

## Varnish

A lexer for Varnish configuration language

Alias(es): varnishconf, VCL

Filename(s): *.vcl

MIME type(s): text/x-varnish

| Option | Type | Default value | Description |
| ------ | ---- | ------------- | ----------- |
| version | int | 3 | VCL version, default is 3 if `vcl` statement is absent |

## XML

Generic lexer for XML (eXtensible Markup Language)

Filename(s): *.xml, *.xsd

MIME type(s): text/xml, application/xml

Commit message:

give abality to chain diff lexer with an other one

lib/lexers/README.md, after:

# Lexers

NOTE: this file is generated by shalldoc, do not edit it

## Apache

Lexer for configuration files following the Apache configuration file format (including .htaccess)

Alias(es): apacheconf

Filename(s): httpd.conf, apache.conf, apache2.conf, .htaccess

MIME type(s): text/x-apacheconf

## C

For C source code with preprocessor directives

Filename(s): *.[ch]

MIME type(s): text/x-chdr, text/x-csrc

## CMake

Lexer for CMake files

Filename(s): CMakeLists.txt, *.cmake

MIME type(s): text/x-cmake

## CSS

For CSS (Cascading Style Sheets)

Filename(s): *.css

MIME type(s): text/css

## Diff

Lexer for unified or context-style diffs or patches

Alias(es): udiff

Filename(s): *.diff, *.patch

MIME type(s): text/x-diff, text/x-patch

| Option | Type | Default value | Description |
| ------ | ---- | ------------- | ----------- |
| secondary | lexer | null/none | Lexer to highlight non diff lines (if none, these parts will not be highlighted) |

## DTD

A lexer for DTDs (Document Type Definitions)

Filename(s): *.dtd

MIME type(s): application/xml-dtd

## ERB

For ERB (Ruby) templates. Use the "secondary" option to delegate tokenization of parts which are outside of ERB tags.

Filename(s): *.erb

MIME type(s): application/x-ruby-templating

| Option | Type | Default value | Description |
| ------ | ---- | ------------- | ----------- |
| secondary | lexer | null/none | Lexer to highlight content outside of ERB tags (if none, these parts will not be highlighted) |

## HTML

XXX

Filename(s): *.html

MIME type(s): text/html

## Javascript

TODO

Alias(es): JS

Filename(s): *.js

MIME type(s): text/javascript

## JSON

For JSON data structures

Filename(s): *.json

MIME type(s): application/json

## Nginx

Lexer for Nginx configuration files

Alias(es): nginxconf

Filename(s): nginx.conf

MIME type(s): text/x-nginx-conf

## PHP

For PHP source code

Alias(es): php3, php4, php5

Filename(s): *.php, *.php[345], *.inc

MIME type(s): text/x-php, application/x-httpd-php

| Option | Type | Default value | Description |
| ------ | ---- | ------------- | ----------- |
| version | int | 7 | major versions of PHP brings some changes, use this parameter to parse PHP code as a newer or older version |
| asp_tags | boolean | false | support, or not, `<%`/`%>` tags to begin/end PHP code ([asp_tags](http://php.net/asp_tags)) (only if version < 7) |
| start_inline | boolean | false | if true the lexer starts highlighting with php code (ie no starting `<?php`/`<?`/`<script language="php">` is required at top) |
| short_open_tag | boolean | true | support, or not, `<?` tags to begin PHP code ([short_open_tag](http://php.net/short_open_tag)) |
| secondary | lexer | null/none | Lexer to highlight content outside of PHP tags (if none, these parts will not be highlighted) |

## PostgreSQL

Lexer for the PostgreSQL dialect of SQL

Alias(es): pgsql, postgre

MIME type(s): text/x-postgresql

| Option | Type | Default value | Description |
| ------ | ---- | ------------- | ----------- |
| uppercase_keywords | boolean | false | when true, PostgreSQL keywords are uppercased |
| standard_conforming_strings | boolean | true | To treat backslashes literally in ordinary string literals (`'...'`) or not |

## Python

For the Python programming language (python.org)

Filename(s): *.py

MIME type(s): text/x-python, application/x-python

## Ruby

For Ruby source code

Filename(s): *.rb

MIME type(s): text/x-ruby, application/x-ruby

## Text

A "dummy" lexer that doesn't highlight anything

Alias(es): txt

Filename(s): *.txt

MIME type(s): text/plain

## Varnish

A lexer for Varnish configuration language

Alias(es): varnishconf, VCL

Filename(s): *.vcl

MIME type(s): text/x-varnish

| Option | Type | Default value | Description |
| ------ | ---- | ------------- | ----------- |
| version | int | 3 | VCL version, default is 3 if `vcl` statement is absent |

## XML

Generic lexer for XML (eXtensible Markup Language)

Filename(s): *.xml, *.xsd

MIME type(s): text/xml, application/xml
